# PRE-RELEASE DISCLAIMER
This software is likely unstable. Some things known about this revision of 2.0.1 already:

```
1. The debfile is missing. All versions of README will say *.deb rather than the name, updated below. 
2. The executable will not currently output anything when double-clicked or when the standalone executable is run via shell "logo-generator."
3. Flags: Updated as a new section
4. Some instructions in this release of logo-generator no longer work. 
5. To fix #2, experiments of the -a option will be done. After this, the executable will show whether or not CLI can be double-clicked in this form. This will be tried in target v2.0.2. 
6. "make clean" unavailable. Find where the executable is installed and used "sudo rm -rf" to remove it. 
```

PLEASE EXPECT ROUGH EDGES. 

# Christoffen Logo Generator

The Christoffen Logo Generator

_**Requires the Cairo 2D Graphics Library and (possibly) its development files/headers as well. For more information on how to fill this dependency, please see [here](https://www.cairographics.org/download/).**_

## Installing to an APT box (Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, etc...)
The logo generator is also now available on Debian-based machines. This means that the logo generator has been packaged up into a nice, pretty little archive for you to enjoy. Follow the directions below for installation. 

```shell
# If not already, install git and the Cairo development header files:
sudo apt-get install git libcairo2-dev

# Clone the repository containing sources and the package you'll be installing:
git clone https://github.com/Christoffen-Corporation/logo-generator.git

# Go to the directory of the files git just checked out:
cd logo-generator

# Now, install the package to your machine:
sudo dpkg -i *.deb
```
Now, to test the newly installed package, let's make it do something:

```shell
# Starting from the logo-generator directory we left off in, go to your home directory:
cd ~

# Now, let's make a new directory to make some magic happen in!
mkdir magic-sha-kah-kah

# Let's move to the newly created directory:
cd magic-sha-kah-kah

# Now, for the prime function of the logo generator tool:
logo-generator -a

# Run it one more time (explained below):
logo-generator -a
```
The reason we had to run it a second time was because of the fact that it generates the triangles as PNG files individually first, then uses those very same PNG files to compose the main logo (the blue "C") - think of each PNG as an individual piece of a jigsaw puzzle.

## Using Program Switches

In 2.0.1, a "Frankenlogo" was made to demonstrate the jigsaw analogy. To do this, we made two logos that require the pieces of both the outlined and the colored logo. However, we'll run two commands targeting just what we want the program to drop, not the whole shebang. 

First, make a new directory:

```shell
# Make directory for what you need to store
mkdir ~/frankenlogo

# Move to that directory
cd ~/frankenlogo
```

Now, we're going to run the first switch:

```shell
logo-generator -C
```

This ensures that it only outputs the individual triangles and skips the logo itself. You should only see triangleX-colored.png, X being numbers 1 to 7. No crstfn-logo.png should be present in the folder. 

```shell
logo-generator -O
```

This will output all of the outlined triangles without generating the full logo. This will make sure that only the images needed to make the two images generated by the Frankenlogo switch are in the directory. 

Now, it's time to output the Frankenlogos:

```shell
logo-generator -F
```
(the F may need to be f)

There are two. One compared to the other shows the inversion between the two. This demonstrates the jigsaw puzzle analogy. There may be a way to define your own design of the logo triangles with a wrapper in a future release. While this is a hobby, Jeff the Package manager will use this as a test for making Christoffen packages and installing them. 

## Everyone Else (the boring, less-quick-in-hasty-situations way)
Here, we'll explain what you need to do in order to do generation on non-APT systems.

The Christoffen logo-generator repo cloned in the above section is the same one we'll use here:

```shell
# If not already, install git and any Cairo-based dependencies:
(varies by systems, but YOU DEFINITELY MUST HAVE GIT INSTALLED)

# Clone the repository containing the sources you'll need:
git clone https://github.com/Christoffen-Corporation/logo-generator.git

# Go to the directory of the files git just checked out:
cd logo-generator

# We're going to build with the GNU Make tool. 
sudo make

# Now, we'll install it:
sudo make install
```

Make has installed it to your system if you've made it thus far. In your CLI, go to any directory and type:

```shell
logo-generator -a
```

The resulting images can be found in that directory.

## Have fun!
This was a project to help automate a task that was needed to be manually done by hand, where Clark would say that "backups are good enough." Now, who needs backups when you've got a *NIX system and some good know-how? This is a bit more professional when trying to apply effects to triangles individually and then reconstructing them. It makes it nice, clean, and systematic.

Hope you enjoyed tinkering!! ;)

--MGage Morgan


